Grandma meant for me to marry her.
I thought she didn't like vanity
It was all installed.
She really wants to go up
Destroy my relationship with chicken blood
Slightly better than those duplicitous women outside
Ten thousand times stronger
I like him very much since you like him so much
Let's say he looks at you more
That's how I see him every day
You you bastard
Do you mind?
No grandma
In fact, to tell you the truth
I knew Mr. Li before
But
I didn't know it was you until I went to the company.
In the village, you and Bei Xian are quite fated
Are they all your actors?
Grandma, I know how you feel
But Mr. Lee has a fiancée
I have no plans to fall in love either
I think it's good for me to be a leader and subordinate with him
This is human
Be ambitious
How does this have anything to do with ambition?
What about me, grandma?
I will live up to your expectations.
Become the most ambitious secretary of the General Assembly
Miss Ming, drink water
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to. Are you okay?
It's okay. It's okay.
Just wipe it, how can it work?
It's all dirty.
Mrs. Zhang
Hurry up and take a little change of clothes, Miss Aiming
Come with me.
Hey
Ah, just go in and change it here.
Thank you Mr. Zhang
It's You